Add reservoir_sample aggregation function (#21296)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/aggregate.rst

    The function uses the stream summary data structure proposed in the paper
    `Efficient computation of frequent and top-k elements in data streams <https://www.cse.ust.hk/~raywong/comp5331/References/EfficientComputationOfFrequentAndTop-kElementsInDataStreams.pdf>`_ by A.Metwally, D.Agrawal and A.Abbadi.

Reservoir Sample Functions
-------------------------------

Reservoir sample functions use a fixed sample size, as opposed to
:ref:`TABLESAMPLE <sql-tablesample>`. Fixed sample sizes always result in a
fixed total size while still guaranteeing that each record in dataset has an

> equal probability of being chosen. See [Vitter1985]_

Author: fixed

.. function:: reservoir_sample(initial_sample: array(T), initial_processed_count: bigint, values_to_sample: T, desired_sample_size: int) -> row(processed_count: bigint, sample: array(T))

    Computes a new reservoir sample given:
    

>     - ``initial_sample``: an initial sample array, or ``NULL`` if creating a new sample

Author: fixed

    - ``initial_processed_count``: the number of records processed to generate the initial sample array.
      This should be 0 or ``NULL`` if ``initital_sample`` is ``NULL``.

>     - ``values_to_sample``: the column to sample from

Author: fixed

>     - ``desired_sample_size``: the size of reservoir sample

Author: fixed

    The function outputs a single row type with two columns:

>     #. The processed count. This is the total number of rows the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #. Processed count: the total number of rows the
```
Very minor suggestion to change these two items to be consistent with your writing style in the preceding unordered list.

Author: fixed

       function sampled from. It includes the total from the
       ``initial_processed_count``, if provided.

>     #. The reservoir sample. It is an array with length equivalent to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #. Reservoir sample: an array with length equivalent to the
```
Very minor suggestion to change these two items to be consistent with your writing style in the preceding unordered list.

Author: fixed

       minimum of ``desired_sample_size``.
    

    .. code-block:: sql

        WITH result as (
            SELECT
                reservoir_sample(NULL, 0, col, 5) as reservoir
            FROM (
                VALUES
                1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 0
            ) as t(col)
        )
        SELECT 
            reservoir.processed_count, reservoir.sample
        FROM result;

    .. code-block:: none

         processed_count |     sample
        -----------------+-----------------
                      10 | [1, 2, 8, 4, 5]

>     To merge older samples with new data supply valid arguments to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To merge older samples with new data, supply valid arguments to the
```
Suggest separating the what ("To merge older samples with new data") from the how ("supply valid arguments to the...") with a comma for better readability - like you do in line 1046 ("To sample an entire row of a table, use a...").

    The function uses the stream summary data structure proposed in the paper
    `Efficient computation of frequent and top-k elements in data streams <https://www.cse.ust.hk/~raywong/comp5331/References/EfficientComputationOfFrequentAndTop-kElementsInDataStreams.pdf>`_ by A.Metwally, D.Agrawal and A.Abbadi.

Reservoir Sample Functions
-------------------------------

Reservoir sample functions use a fixed sample size, as opposed to
:ref:`TABLESAMPLE <sql-tablesample>`. Fixed sample sizes always result in a
fixed total size while still guaranteeing that each record in dataset has an
equal probability of being chosen.

.. function:: reservoir_sample(initial_sample: array(T), initial_processed_count: bigint, values_to_sample: T, desired_sample_size: bigint) -> row(processed_count: bigint, sample: array(T))

    Computes a new reservoir sample given an initial sample array
    ``initial_sample`` and the number of records processed to generate
    ``initial_processed_count``. If generating a sample from scratch,
    ``initial_sample`` should be ``null`` or an empty array and
    ``initial_processed_count`` should be 0, otherwise an error will be thrown.

> 

Author: updated with list and citation

    The column to sample from should be passed to the ``values_to_sample``
    argument. The desired reservoir size should be passed to the
    ``desired_sample_size`` argument.

    The function outputs a single row type with two columns:

    #. The processed count. This is the total number of rows the function

>        sampled from. It includes the total from the initial_processed_count, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       sampled from. It includes the total from the ``initial_processed_count``, if
```

       provided.

    #. The reservoir sample. It is an array with length equivalent to the

>        minimum of ``desired_sample_size``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       minimum of ``desired_sample_size``.
```

    The function uses the stream summary data structure proposed in the paper
    `Efficient computation of frequent and top-k elements in data streams <https://www.cse.ust.hk/~raywong/comp5331/References/EfficientComputationOfFrequentAndTop-kElementsInDataStreams.pdf>`_ by A.Metwally, D.Agrawal and A.Abbadi.

Reservoir Sample Functions
-------------------------------

> As opposed to using Presto's `TABLESAMPLE` operator, reservoir samples allow the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reservoir sample functions use a fixed sample size, as opposed to ``TABLESAMPLE``. 
```
Suggest rephrasing for conciseness and formatting, and also to put the explanation of what a reservoir sample function is first (then follow with what it is not) for easier reading comprehension. 

Also and very optional, I found TABLESAMPLE in the docs - here is a cross-link to it if you want to include it here instead. 
```
`TABLESAMPLE </sql/select.html#tablesample>`_
```

Author: Thanks! I linked using RST's `:ref:` label instead to prevent a broken link in the case the internal doc structure ever changes (see additional change to `sql/select.rst`)

Reviewer: Nice, I like the change! I tested this in a local build just now and it works fine.

> user to define a fixed sample size. Fixed sample sizes assure users that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Fixed sample sizes 
```
Suggestion for conciseness.

> result will always result in a fixed total size while still guaranteeing that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
always result in a fixed total size while still guaranteeing that
```
Suggestion for conciseness.

    ``initial_sample`` should be ``null`` or an empty array and
    ``initial_processed_count`` should be 0, otherwise an error will be thrown.

    The column to sample from should be passed to the ``values_to_sample``
    argument. The desired reservoir size should be passed to the
    ``desired_sample_size`` argument.

    The function outputs a single row type with two columns:

    #. The processed count. This is the total number of rows the function
       sampled from. It includes the total from the initial_processed_count, if
       provided.

    #. The reservoir sample. It is an array with length equivalent to the
       minimum of ``desired_sample_size``
    

    .. code-block:: sql

        WITH result as (
            SELECT
                reservoir_sample(NULL, 0, col, 5) as reservoir
            FROM (
                VALUES
                1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 0
            ) as t(col)
        )
        SELECT 
            reservoir.processed_count, reservoir.sample
        FROM result;

    .. code-block:: none

         processed_count |     sample
        -----------------+-----------------
                      10 | [1, 2, 8, 4, 5]

>     Additionally, you can merge older samples with new data by supplying valid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To merge older samples with new data, supply valid
```
Suggestion for conciseness.
